feat(core): add --related-to flag to ado get for filtering by anchor resource type (#1305)
IBM/ado: .cursor/skills/query-ado-data/SKILL.md

### Related Resources

#### ado show related

Get IDs of all resources related to another resource (parent or child),

> traversing the full hierarchy:

Reviewer: Is this true with the PR. I think it should be 
```suggestion
Get IDs of all resources directly related to another resource (parent or child - one hop)
```

Author: It's correct as-is

uv run ado show related space space-abc123-456def
```

#### ado get --related-to

Filter `ado get` results to resources reachable from a specific anchor resource.
Specify the anchor as `kind=id` (shorthand aliases supported):

```bash
uv run ado get $RESOURCETYPE --related-to kind=ANCHOR_ID
```

Not supported for `actuator`, `experiment`, `operator`, or `context`. Cannot be
combined with a direct resource ID or with `--matching-point` /
`--matching-space` / `--matching-space-id`. Can be combined with `--filter` and

> `--label`.

Reviewer: Why can't it be combined with --matching-X? Is it not intersection of two sets?

Author: In theory it can, I think it would be confusing having `--related-to space=abc --matching-space-id def`, so that's why I avoided it.

Author: Added in https://github.com/IBM/ado/pull/1305/commits/6b1b19c179dd2dad5c7b2217172e2116ebd9eb17

uv run ado show related space space-abc123-456def
```

#### ado get --related-to

> Filter `ado get` results to resources related to a specific source resource,
> including multi-hop relationships (e.g. operations linked to a space that is
> linked to a store). Specify the source as `kind=id` (shorthand aliases supported):

Reviewer: I suggest using a term along the following lines to refer to the allowed multi-hop relationships

1. Depth & Graph-Oriented Terms

These terms focus on the fact that you are limiting the traversal depth of the tree/graph.

**First-Order Hierarchy:** Clearly communicates that you are only dealing with the primary, immediate relationships, not second-order recursive ones.
**Level-1 Subgraph** (or L1 Subgraph): A graph theory term that implies you are looking at a specific, restricted slice of the overall resource graph.
**Shallow Resource Tree:** Contrasts perfectly with "deep" or recursive searches.

2. Search & Boundary-Oriented Terms

These terms are great if the primary use case is defining the scope for your search function.

**Base (or Core) Search Envelope:** "Envelope" perfectly captures the idea of a defined boundary that contains specific things but stops at a certain edge.
**Core Resource Context**: Implies that this set of relationships forms the foundational context for a resource, without getting into the weeds of extended lineage.
**Primary Search Boundary:** Very explicit about what the term is used for.

e.g. 

```suggestion
Filter `ado get` results to resources related to a specific source resource,
within the core resource search hierarchy. Specify the source as `kind=id` (shorthand aliases supported):
```

Author: I think these are very complex terms that require very specific knowledge and might actually hinder general comprehension of what we're doing.

If I ask Bob "what is the hierarchy between ado resources top-to-bottom", it creates this diagram:

```mermaid
graph TD
    SS["<b>SampleStore</b><br/><sub>samplestore</sub><br/>Persistent storage for entity measurements"]
    AC["<b>ActuatorConfiguration</b><br/><sub>actuatorconfiguration</sub><br/>Parameters for a specific actuator"]
    DS["<b>DiscoverySpace</b><br/><sub>discoveryspace</sub><br/>Entity + measurement space"]
    OP["<b>Operation</b><br/><sub>operation</sub><br/>Runs an operator on a DiscoverySpace"]
    DC["<b>DataContainer</b><br/><sub>datacontainer</sub><br/>Output data produced by an operation"]

    SS -->|"sampleStoreIdentifier (1)"| DS
    SS -->|"copyFrom[] (0..*)"| SS
    AC -->|"actuatorConfigurationIdentifiers[] (0..*)"| OP
    DS -->|"spaces[] (1)"| OP
    OP -->|"OperationOutput.resources (0..*)"| DC
    OP -->|"writes measurements back"| SS
```

Which I assume is what people will most likely think of, and I would refer to this as simply "the hierarchy". Beyond the hierarchy, I would refer to all possible relationships between resources as "the graph". I would however avoid going too mathematical or technical with the terms for the sake of general understanding

Author: Given that some assumption on this hierarchy seem to not be true anymore, in https://github.com/IBM/ado/pull/1316 I will change the method to go through the whole graph.

```bash
uv run ado get $RESOURCETYPE --related-to kind=SOURCE_ID
```

Not supported for `actuator`, `experiment`, `operator`, or `context`. The source
kind must differ from the requested resource kind. Cannot be combined with a
direct resource ID or `--use-latest`. Can be combined with `--filter`,
`--label`, `--matching-point`, `--matching-space`, and `--matching-space-id`.

**Examples:**

```bash
# All operations related to a sample store
uv run ado get operations --related-to samplestore=STORE_ID

> # All spaces related to a sample store (name only)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# All spaces related to a sample store (name only) using short name
```

Author: It's probably more worth it to write `samplestore` in L222 rather than adding 3 words in a skill

Reviewer: As you like 👍

> uv run ado get spaces --related-to store=STORE_ID -o name

Reviewer: "store" is correct here? (short names supported for kind?)

Reviewer: I see on a closer read it is - suggesting a comment change
